The codes presented in this repository are part of the research conducted for the following publication: 


"Mitigating Data Scarcity for Satellite Reaction Wheel Fault Diagnosis with Wasserstein Generative Adversarial Networks"
Authors: MohammadSaleh Hedayati, Ailin Barzegar, Afshin Rahimi
Publication date: 2024/6/17
Published in Proceedings of 2024 IEEE International Conference on Prognostics and Health Management (ICPHM)


To get more context about what these codes achieve and other finer details, please refer to this study.


"1D_WGAN_RW_Signal_Generation.py" contains a code for generating synthetic 1D time-series samples based on an imbalanced dataset.
This methodology is applied to the signals generated by a reaction wheel onboard an in-orbit satellite for later use in fault diagnosis. The methodology used here is based on the Wasserstein Generative Adversarial Network (WGAN) architecture with Weight Clipping but not Gradient Penalty.
The generator and the critic (discriminator) within the WGAN consist mainly of upsampling and downsampling 1D convolutional layers among other widely used blocks.
"1D_WGAN_RW_Signal_Generation.py" trains on scantly available signals within one class only to try to augment it with artificial but realistic instances. To oversample other classes, the WGAN should be trained on them separately.


The "DTW_interpolation.py" file contains a code for "deterministically" interpolating between two 1D signals. I wrote this code to compare it with the WGAN architecture.
The way it works is that it measures the distance between each signal within an overarching dataset with another signal in the same dataset.
Then, the closest pair are "averaged" to arrive at an interpolated signal for augmenting an imbalanced dataset. The interpolation techniques implemented in this code include one-to-one interpolation, linear interpolation, weighted interpolation, enhanced weighted interpolation, sinusoidally weighted interpolation.
Some of these techniques contain one-to-one, one-to-many, and many-to-one interpolation capabilities.


If you have any issues with the codes or questions, please contact me at mohammadshedayati@gmail.com or hedayat2@uwindsor.ca
